hey I'm DJ mad I was just doing a couple
of those lines from last time yeah I'm
going to show you the basics today on
how to cut men's hair now as you can see
what I've done is I've made a line on
the top here see the line will just give
her that little hair just make that a
little bit more neater there you go
I like that perfect so there's a line
there on this head
see that's just separating the hair and
then I've got these two bat at the back
here that line that to the back and then
long hair here I'm basing the first cut
we're going to do is going to move the
camera a little bit forward so you can
see the first cut you can't see me
that's what we get the first the first
that I'm cut we're going to do is hold
in Spanish slowly though it is in
English it's called a straight cut and
basically what the straight cut is is
just cutting the bottom here and what
you have to do is make sure it's
straight make sure the head straight it
does help and then all I'm doing you can
just put a little bit closer you can see
is I'm cutting this here that is to make
that straight so I do that clickity
sorry look at the hands there and that
just cuts that straight and then once
you got that that's one of the first
cuts the second cut is this one here you
get a little bit of hair you brush it
like that
and then you cut down now what is this
what this is creating is it's creating
um screen layers in the hair so the hair
is like short here and then it slowly
gets all the way around so we're making
the hair as you can see with my head
it's like the layer so it's like short
and then goes longer and that's what
that's creating and then when we get to
this part here which is like the semi
top of the head as we got a piece of
hair like this and then what we're doing
then is we're lifting it but we need
come here and we're going to do with
this comb as you go to rest it so it's
straight you might help us to stand up
when you do this so you get the hair
like that so that I met well you can you
can try this at home by one of these
heads just get a piece of hair line but
you got to make sure you've marked it
right put the comb by the side of it so
you can see it straight and then just
cut that so you can see that there it's
not quite neat citrus sing like that and
then when we get to this part because
there's two ways to do it you can do the
flat bit where I get one piece of hair
which we was explaining yesterday and so
I ones come up for this my friends head
I want to cut his hair so I get a one
piece of hair like that I cut that and
then I've cut that then I got another
piece of hair I'll use that as a
guideline so I can see where I cut
sometimes you can see this see that's a
bit of a guideline there thats that
helps and then I can just do the whole
head like that and then get to the side
so I oversee it will do like that
and then cut through the head through
all the hair and yeah that's the
beginning of lessons but the things
you'll need to do it is by these plastic
heads again yeah
the only one of these mixtures got long
hair so you can practice cutting it and
don't cut it too short don't hack it
just put little bits off like I have and
then overtime and timing me if I got
shorter and shorter I'm gonna have
really got it short I'm going to put it
on YouTube so you guys can see it and
use the Machine and be doing all sorts
with it but because right now I don't
want to want to cut loads of it just
want to keep it to make more videos and
that's basics you'll need this comb this
these scissors and obviously these clips
you have to look like this and then
again whether you make the line at the
head up as you can see you make the line
from the top all the way down then you
make another line here and then you make
one thing they're not
like I did at the beginning of the video
okay that's the latest video from me
that's the basics on how to cut men's
hair and I'll be making more videos
showing you how to use the machine I'm
also it's pretty much how to curl hair
and yeah we going more into all that
kind of stuff but today I just showed
you the basics on cutting hair I hope
you enjoyed that